# Last-Mile-Delivery-Rider-App
This application is developed in React Native to solve the problem related to Last Mile Delivery. Riders in different logistic companies who delivered consignments can use this App.

Project Summary:
This project is one of the modules of the main project named as ORPAI (Optimal Route Planning through Artificial Intelligence). This module is related to a widget which performs two basic operations Route Generation & Route Visualization. Both operations are based on the delivery sheet of customers consisting their addresses. These operations are performed using different MAP APIs such as Geocoding API, Reverse Geocoding API and Distance Matrix API.  This widget can be integrated with Android Application for Riders as well as Desktop Applications for Admin to visualize the desired route.

Overview:
Last Mile Delivery Route Generation & Visualization is a widget or module developed to perform Route Generation & Route Visualization for the project ORPAI. It is one of the most important parts of ORPAI because it can help users to visualize the route for different purposes. It can help riders to view the route for delivering their targeted consignments to customers in more easy and better way. Further it can help admin to view routes of different riders for analyzing or management purposes. This widget is flexible as it can be integrated with Android Application for Riders as well as Desktop Applications for Admin to visualize the desired route. Route is visualized on MAP in user friendly way so that it will be easy for users to visualize it for desired purposes. As Route Generation and Visualization is depend on customer address data, therefore data should be valid or correct otherwise it may cause problem in generating route and visualizing it. 
